Guide: Design First Laravel (#167)
bump-sh/docs: src/_guides/openapi/design-first-laravel-php.md

- [Getting OpenAPI \& Bump.sh Setup](#getting-openapi--bumpsh-setup)
- [Request Validation powered by OpenAPI](#request-validation-powered-by-openapi)
- [Contract Testing with OpenAPI](#contract-testing-with-openapi)
- [Sample Code](#sample-code)

## Getting OpenAPI & Bump.sh Setup

The API design-first workflow means you'll need to create your OpenAPI description before you start writing all your code, so if you don't have an `openapi.yaml` already that is probably the first step. You can use a wide variety of [graphical editors](https://openapi.tools/#gui-editors), [text editors](https://openapi.tools/#text-editors), or [traffic sniffing](/guides/openapi/code-first/#traffic-sniffing) to generate this OpenAPI, and there is lots of documentation and guides to help you. 

Alternatively you can grab some sample OpenAPI from the API Guru Marketplace, and click JSON or YAML to download their OpenAPI descriptions.

Either way, once you have some an OpenAPI description document, pop it into your Git repository somewhere like `api/openapi.yaml`. 

> Building an API for a bunch of clients is always a tricky one, but by deploying the documentation first you can see if people like the look of the API before you waste a bunch of time building it. Then as you progress through, especially if you are adding these tools to an existing codebase, you will continue to find mistakes in your OpenAPI or your actual API code, improving both as you go until you have a perfect match that will never again be broken, solving the "docs vs code" drift problem, and every fix will be deployed to Bump.sh with each commit/merge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building an API for a bunch of clients is always a tricky one, but by deploying the documentation first, you can see if people like the look of the API before you waste time building it. Then, as you progress through, especially if you add these tools to an existing codebase, you will continue to find mistakes in your OpenAPI or your actual API code. Improve both as you go until you have a perfect match that will never again be broken, solving the "docs vs code" drift problem, and every fix will be deployed to Bump.sh with each commit/merge.
```

```bash
$ bump deploy api/openapi.yaml \
  --doc laravel-design-first \
  --token my-documentation-token

> * Your new documentation version will soon be ready at https://bump.sh/hub/code-samples/doc/laravel-design-first

Reviewer: This URL gives a 404.

Should we write something like `https://bump.sh/hub/<your-namespace>/doc/laravel-design-first`, instead?

Spectator also let me know my errors are all the wrong shape. OpenAPI was suggsting `{ errors: { title, description, ... }}` but the actual error format coming back from the API code was `{ title, description, errors: {}}`.

```
FAILED  Tests\Feature\WidgetTest > `POST /widgets` → it returns a 400 for invalid request

The properties must match schema: errors
The data (object) must match the type: array

object++ <== The properties must match schema: errors
    errors: array <== The data (object) must match the type: array
        object++
            title: string
            detail: string
            code: string
```

It shows how easy it can be to make mistakes and mismatches between your API and the OpenAPI description, and it shows how useful tools can be at pointing out the mismatches. Once you get this suite passing 100% you should never have other mismatches, and now you have extensive contract testing which will reduce general issues for your clients interacting with your API, avoid accidentally breaking changes, and you got all of that without having to spend infinite time writing out "and this property should be a string..." over and over again in PHP.

## Sample Code

> The sample code for this design first guide is published on GitHub, so please
> take a look at [laravel-design-first](https://github.com/philsturgeon/laravel-design-first/), and the [deployed documentation](https://bump.sh/bump-examples/hub/code-samples/doc/laravel-design-first) is over here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample code for this design first guide is published on GitHub, so please take a look at [laravel-design-first](https://github.com/philsturgeon/laravel-design-first/), and the [deployed documentation](https://bump.sh/bump-examples/hub/code-samples/doc/laravel-design-first) is over here.
```
